hey guys what's going on Z Ramadi here
with a live commentary I'm playing some
tea tea or hot tedium deathmatch vertigo
and I think about like a video two ago
add someone comment on my previous video
or previous video of mine were I
commented some players on gameplay that
they sent me and kind of highlighted the
mistakes and the good things that they
did and someone wanted me to add on to
that kind of the video series and kind
of do something where I comment on my
own gameplay so I figured the best thing
to do would just be too I'll do like a
live commentary and kind of talk about
what I did right whether they're wrong
with certain engagements and I'm just go
from there so playing like I said DM
vertigo and right there just got screwed
over because I was too focused on the
other guy in front of me at the depot
but rocking the m4 x got the yarn com
copperhead muzzle got the X really
barrel HT thin sharp stock extended
magazine and the cons eotech scope the
farmer I got the 232 health build with
the Fox cat helmet and the warmonger
chest piece and the Colossus RC six legs
so kind of going a little bit 10 key for
this match it's where to go so m4x is a
pretty good weapon for where to go
especially so I feel comfortable using
that how so I saw that guy running out
in the middle the open whenever whenever
you see someone on the mill be open and
you're in cover that's always a perfect
engagement on your end I kind of went
back though and trying to get some
health because the other guy behind him
kind of brushed me down pretty low on
health then I see the food guys over
here and that was a perfect that's a
really good time to kind of jump in and
try to get a kill or two because if you
saw one HR vide like literally those
three guys roof entirely focused on
themselves like they were not focused
they did not even see me so that's a
perfect time to kind of jump in and try
to grab a cure to when you see people
who are preoccupied in a different match
or a different little engagement so to
speak um die right there that's another
kind of good thing look out for special
in vertigo you have so many vantage
points so you always want take advantage
of when you have higher ground
especially right there is just to be one
there's something I can do about that
pretty much pick your poison but I saw
that other guy the guy killed in a time
I saw him cook that the end when I
nature of eat so when you see someone
took a name like that he saw me just
like pretty much just sprint to him
because he was gonna throw I need far
when he cooked it like that so if you
run really i'm close to them chances are
he's gonna throw it further away from
you and you won't take as much damage or
you want to get damaged at all in that
case okay so right now i'm just gonna
try to find my 1v1 try to isolate and
try to try to find something I can
actually gone when especially in DM it's
usually we need die it's usually because
it took a three v2 or v3 b-1 like right
there that's the to be one pretty much
because it's had some guy behind him or
underneath them shooting me as well so
that's that you gotta look out for
pretty much just watch out for the
engagements and find something works a
fair fight like right there another to
be one and I kind of screwed me over and
this is going to be a close one so
hopefully spawned right there in front
of mel's kind of a bad spawn but
whatever i'll take it but stuff like
that like i said so she owned GM most
the time you're going to be out number
and that's pretty much suggested it just
trying to find a match that's fair or a
little a little game or a battle that
you can find it's fair on your reins
like all those were one view ones so
that was beneficial for me and those one
be one too but i was too preoccupied on
a previous killer i was like focusing on
first and foremost
so pretty much there I just pre fired
him because I know usually good health
and I was able to get the kill that way
and yeah that's pretty much it I kind of
like rush through stuff really fast cuz
there's like a lot to get that goes into
it and allow my mind and I'm playing so
hopefully I was helpful